# Final Project

The first draft of the game idea was to create a Horror game that had tasks for the player to do in order to escape. But I ended up not completing that, instead I stayed with the Horror game idea and made a game where the player starts off in a room and tries to escape a creepy hotel that ends up becoming a maze with a twist. I added in many horror aspects you would usually see in other horror games such as jumpscares, weird noises, dark hallways, etc. 

During my project I've encountered many problems, since I was very new to coding in LUA I had to set myself down to try and understand the basics of certain aspects by watching tutorials and reading forums which was very helpful. I believe the hardest code in this project was the MonsterNPC that chases the player around and tries to kill them. After a lot of research and looking around I only coded a basic CPU that would track down the nearest player from a certain distance. But I also found out that there's such thing as a CPU pathfinding which was definitely out of my comfort zone. Something I wish I could've done instead with the CPU Monster is create it to walk certain paths all around the map and when the Monster is within the distance that it's set to track the player's torso it would chase them for a certain amount of time till the player outruns it. 

Somethings I really enjoyed coding was the smaller things such as opening/closing the door, animating jumpscares, creating a death screen GUI. Something that I also learned from using the ROBLOX Studio client is they have set Storages for different aspects such as GUI's, ServerScriptStorage, ReplicatedStorage, etc. and there was also a LocalScript and a Script. The LocalScript is client-sided and the Script is server-sided. 

I decided using ROBLOX to create my game because all my life I've played ROBLOX so I took this chance to actually create something to hopefully create something even better in the future. I used this project as a stepping stone to motivate me in creating other games. I do believe I could have finished this game if I were given more time or if I worked with more people. I had many ideas for this project but I just didn't know how I could execute it or where to start from because there was just so many things I planned on doing and it ended up being a mess. 
